README.md, before:

# OpenVAS add-on for Dradis

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dradis/dradis-openvas.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/dradis/dradis-openvas) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/dradis/dradis-openvas.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dradis/dradis-openvas.png)

The OpenVAS add-on enables users to upload OpenVAS XML files to create a structure of nodes/notes that contain the same information about the hosts/ports/services as the original file.

The add-on requires Dradis 3.0 or higher.

The add-on supports OpenVAS v6 and v7 output.


## More information

See the Dradis Framework's [README.md](https://github.com/dradis/dradisframework/blob/master/README.md)


## Contributing

See the Dradis Framework's [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/dradis/dradisframework/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)


## License

Dradis Framework and all its components are released under [GNU General Public License version 2.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation and appearing in the file LICENSE included in the packaging of this file.

Commit message:

README - point to dradis-ce tracker

README.md, after:

# OpenVAS add-on for Dradis

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dradis/dradis-openvas.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/dradis/dradis-openvas) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/dradis/dradis-openvas.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dradis/dradis-openvas.png)

The OpenVAS add-on enables users to upload OpenVAS XML files to create a structure of nodes/notes that contain the same information about the hosts/ports/services as the original file.

The add-on requires [Dradis CE](https://dradisframework.org/) > 3.0, or [Dradis Pro](https://dradisframework.com/pro/).

The add-on supports OpenVAS v6 and v7 output.


## More information

See the Dradis Framework's [README.md](https://github.com/dradis/dradisframework/blob/master/README.md)


## Contributing

See the Dradis Framework's [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/dradis/dradisframework/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)


## License

Dradis Framework and all its components are released under [GNU General Public License version 2.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation and appearing in the file LICENSE included in the packaging of this file.


## Feature requests and bugs

Please use the [Dradis Framework issue tracker](https://github.com/dradis/dradis-ce/issues) for add-on improvements and bug reports.
